very good kids here we are with
another video more and good we are in the
Experience map with the scratch is what
that I bring you basically is a nuclear
a little bit slower more slow in
those that only go up three minutes 50 I think
which is the nuclear but good is not
not bad at all so in short it's a
little bit so deep that I want to tell you about
a subject that is not asked from time to time
when and good recently begins to
do it the subject of promotions worth
elaborate put in the title because some
Interests I guess you will have come in to see
that and before I start I would like to say
also that I do not know why I lost a
thing the filter of one or something like that
micro and I do not know if how are you going to hear this
but good to see the issue of
promotions much less you ask than good
talk more about this instead of
just do them and such and say what
the promotions of not having
two of the promotions I made up
now if the two I've done up
now it's been because these kids
they promoted to me also that they had
the same subscribers that I almost
interest I also exist the favor ok
interest as of now since I
you have talked about the subject what I am going to
do is that promoted to you
It's worth promoting good, I already have some
Subscribers 2,300 is not bad at all and
Well, I 'm not complaining, it's one that I think
a pass so to thank you for a
little since if you a thousand subscribers
I'm going to promote or, well, what
I will explain a little bit simply
I explain in this video it's worth not
it's very complicated just tell you
that to see the requirements although the
quality be completely h of these 15
720 p is not worth mobile I do not worth a
capturing that does not record 720p is worth I think
that this is a requirement that is good
time to say it in the times that
we are now from youtube that all the
world uploads the expendable videos
have good quality because if it's not worth it
I'm not sorry it's not quality
and finally
the other requirement is that it be Carlos
giusti since that's what I go up and it's what
that to my superiors is to say to you
we like it then I will not promote
something that people will not like
because we would have no sense do not
it matters what time of departure is worth
if you want to pass me my things but about
everything is very impressive is to try
it's fun that I explain many
times the first because the same
yes the funny videos
one thing that I also want to know is that if
me panda is a game in which you
do more than 100 casualties and there are less
of 20 deaths let's say less than 15
deaths is what I leave the grapes there
obstruction or insurance less than 15 deaths
and more than 100 casualties will secure production
what camps is clear to me and I teach
you pass it to me I commented what
You do not know if I can manage that
cut something what can happen I'll talk
and that 's always a little whenever
it is solved between the person who
go to official and good basically
that's fine you can send me any type
from starting tell me a little before
to not record the commented video for
nothing is worth seeing you know that you are going to
comment you front as if it were
for my channel and that's worth kids I hope
that at least but I would like
you will learn a little to put it that way
gesture worth not deserved with this that
say that I am a child of the functional type
well, nothing happens to see us
just deserved what
of a promotion that maybe we
I'd really appreciate it if the subject
of the nonsense the book is for my
videos since I would not like that it does not leave
to tell people that I am
promoting voucher to help them and such
because good demotivates a little to do
this kind of thing what is all worth
send me universitat dale I like to
video a good nuclear and do not feel
greetings and goodbye